Team ATD User Stories

1.0 As a user, I need to automate testing, so I can check that software will potentially work on a given system.

    1.1 As a user, I want to specify the repo holding the software, so I can run unit tests.
		
		Given a set of paths to unit test files
		Given a valid, cloneable git repo address
		Then the repo is cloned in a docker container
		And the tests are run in the docker container
		
		Given an invalid address
		When I run ATD
		Then an error is thrown
		And no tests are run

    1.2 As a user, I want to specify the distro used to run the software, so I can test on multiple distros.
	
		Given a set of valid distro names
		When I run ATD
		Then a different docker container is created for each distro
		
		Given an invalid distro name
		When I run ATD
		Then an error is thrown
		And no new container is created
		And error Notification is created		

    1.3 As a user, I want to run the testing from my language of choice, so I can run software from arbitrary repos.

		Given a repo address
		And a set of test files
		When I run ATD
		Then the tests are run with the appropriate language
	
        1.3.1 As a user, I need to use python testing, so I can test Teleceptor.
		
			Given Teleceptor repo address
			And Teleceptor unit tests
			When I run ATD
			Then the tests are run using Python

    1.4 As a user, I want specified test files, so I can run specific test cases.
	
		Given a set of test files
		When I run ATD
		Then those tests are run

    1.5 As a user, I want to be able to specify an email address, so I can receive the results of the tests.
	
		Given failed tests
		Given an email address
		When I run Notifier
		Then an email is sent to email address with failed tests
		
		Given passed tests
		Given an email address
		When I run Notifier
		Then no email is sent

    1.6 As a user, I need a way to store the results from the tests, so I can check the results of the tests.

        1.6.1 As a user, I want ATD to produce a logfile, so I can store the results from the tests.

			Given test files that will fail
			And test files that will pass
			When I run ATD (OutputManager)
			Then a logfile is produced with the results

	1.7 As a user, I want the results from the tests that will print to the screen, so I can view the results.
	
		Given test files that will fail
		And test files that will pass
		When I run ATD (OutputManager)
		Then the results are printed to stdout
		
	1.8 As a user of the repo, I need to specify a branch, so I can run ATD on that branch.
	
		Given a branch name
		When I run ATD
		Then ATD uses the given branch of the repo
	
2.0 As a developer of the repo, I need to automate testing, so I can test that the software works.

    2.1 As a developer of the repo, I need to create a folder in the repo, so I can store test files for ATD.

        2.1.1 As a developer of the repo, I need to create a config file, so I can provide it to ATD to install the necessary dependencies.
		
			Given an ATD config file
			Then a list of dependencies is in the file

        2.1.2 As a developer of the repo, I need to create a test file in the test folder, so I can have a place to hold the test cases.
		
			Given ATD file
			Then a list of test files is in the file

    2.2 As a developer of the repo, I need to automatically run ATD periodically, so I can test the most recent build.
	
		Given the repo address and test files
		Given a time period
		When the time period ends/starts
		Then ATD runs with the most recent build

    2.3 As a developer of the repo, I need to know if a failure in testing occurs, so I can correct the problem.
	
		Given a failed test
		Then I am notified which test failed

        2.3.1 As a developer, I want to be notified of which commit first failed the test, so I can know when the bug was made.
			
			Given a failed test
			Then I am notified which commit failed

